Self-Reflection: What you bring to the table
TOTAL POINTS 1
1.
Question 1

In this activity, you’ll fill out a table to help you reflect on your strengths and experiences with the five analytical skill areas. Then, you'll think about how the types of analytical thinking you learned about in the previous video may help you develop those analytical skills.

Access the template
To use the template for this course item, click the link below and select “Use Template.” 


Link to template: Analytical Skills Table

OR

If you don’t have a Google account, you can download the template directly from the attachment below.

Template_ Analytical Skills Table.docx

Complete the table

Recall the analytical skills discussed in the last lesson:

Curiosity - a desire to know more about something, asking the right questions
Understanding context - understanding where information fits into the big picture
Having a technical mindset - breaking big things into smaller steps
Data design - thinking about how to organize data and information
Data strategy - thinking about the people, processes, and tools used in data analysis 
In the Analytical Skills Table, each row contains one of the analytical skills above. Put an X in the column that you think best describes your current level with each area. The three ratings are:

Strength - an area you feel is one of your strengths
Developing - you have some experience with this area, but there’s still significant room for growth
Emerging - this is new to you, and will be gaining experience in this area from this course 
Update the Comments/Plans/Goals column with a quick note on why you chose the rating for each area. 

Reflection

Consider the ratings you gave yourself in the Analytical Skills Table. How many times did you rate a skill as a strength? What about developing or emerging? Reflect on why you chose that rating for those categories. Think about your past growth in each category and how you can use analytical thinking to foster growth in a weaker area. Write 5-7 sentences (100-150 words) reflecting on these questions and the ratings you gave yourself.

1 point
I gave X in only two times. In curiosity and in technical mindset.  I think I am enough curious and very eager to learn any new thing. Also, I can divide large work into small segments which is an example of a technical mindset.
Your answer cannot be more than 10000 characters.
