Optional: Familiar with data analytics? Take our diagnostic quiz
TOTAL POINTS 16
1.
Question 1
Optional speed track for those experienced in data analytics
The Google Data Analytics Certificate provides instruction and feedback for learners hoping to earn a position as an entry-level data analyst. While many learners will be brand new to the world of data analytics, others may be familiar with the field and simply wanting to brush up on certain skills. 

If you believe this course will be primarily a refresher for you, we recommend taking this practice diagnostic quiz. It will enable you to determine if you should follow the speed track, which is an opportunity to proceed to Course 2 after taking each of the Course 1 Weekly Challenges and the overall Course Challenge. Learners who earn 100% on the diagnostic quiz can treat Course 1 videos, readings, and activities as optional.  Learners following the speed track are still able to earn the certificate. 

If you aren't familiar with data analytics, this course was made for you! Feel free to skip this quiz and move forward through all of the course material. 

Get ready to take the next step in your data analytics journey with the question below!


Which of the following items are examples of data? Select all that apply.

1 point

Words


Tasks


Numbers


Observations

2.
Question 2
A clothing retailer collects and stores data about its sales revenue. Which of the following would be part of its data ecosystem? Select all that apply.

1 point

The cloud that store its database


The databases of competing retailers 


The database of sales revenue


Records of its inventory

3.
Question 3
In data analytics, how is data described?

1 point

A technical business process


A series of calculations and statistics


An aggregate of intelligence


A collection of facts

4.
Question 4
What is the process of guiding business strategy using facts?

1 point

Analytical strategy


Data-driven decision-making


Strategic improvement


Identification of data and decisions

5.
Question 5
Fill in the blank: Curiosity, understanding context, having a technical mindset, data design, and data strategy are _____. They enable data analysts to solve problems using facts.

1 point

thought processes


business skills


analytical skills


personal insights

6.
Question 6
The owner of a skate shop notices that every time a certain employee has a shift, there are higher sales numbers at the end of the day. After some investigation, the owner realizes that since the employee was hired, the store earns 15% more each month. In this scenario, the manager used which quality of analytical thinking?

1 point

Visualization


Problem-orientation 


Big-picture thinking


Correlation

7.
Question 7
When a shipment arrives late from a supplier, a data analyst asks themselves, “Why?” five times in a row. What are they trying to do?

1 point

Visualize the consequences of the problem


Write a report about the problem


Create a framework for addressing the problem


Identify the root cause of the problem

8.
Question 8
Gap analysis is a process that could help accomplish which of the following tasks? Select all that apply.

1 point

Increase the efficiency of a car manufacturer based on its current assembly process


Improve accessibility for an educational app based on its current functionality


Reduce a company’s carbon footprint based on its current emissions


Spread awareness about income inequality based on local salaries

9.
Question 9
An analysis firm is conducting a data analysis of rainwater trends to give recommendations to agricultural companies. When they reach the manage stage of the data life cycle, which of the following might they do? Select all that apply.

1 point

Collect and organize data relevant to rainwater 


Place their data in a location it can be accessed, even if it may not be used


Decide which security tools they will use to protect it


Store and clean the data they have collected

10.
Question 10
An advertising firm has used insights from its analytics team to create a strategy for improving sales. Now, they implement a plan to increase annual revenue. The firm is at which step of the data analysis process?

1 point

Act


Share


Analyze


Process

11.
Question 11
The analyze phase of the data life cycle includes which of the following steps? Select all that apply.

1 point

Creating a report from data


Using spreadsheets to aggregate data


Chooses the format of spreadsheet headings


Using a formula to perform calculations

12.
Question 12
A data analyst adds descriptive headers to columns of data in a spreadsheet. How does this improve the spreadsheet? 

1 point

It clarifies the business strategy 


It adds context


It eliminates unnecessary details


It improves the aesthetic appeal

13.
Question 13
This is a selection from a spreadsheet that ranks the 10 largest cities in North Carolina. To alphabetize the county names in column D, which spreadsheet tool would you use?

A	B	C	D
1	Rank	Name	Population	County
2	7	Cary	170,282	Wake, Chatham
3	1	Charlotte	885,708	Mecklenburg
4	10	Concord	96,341	Cabarrus
5	4	Durham	278,993	Durham (seat), Wake, Orange
6	6	Fayetteville	211,657	Cumberland
7	3	Greensboro	296,710	Guilford
8	9	High Point	112,791	Guilford, Randolph, Davidson, Forsyth
9	2	Raleigh	474,069	Wake (seat), Durham
10	8	Wilmington	123,784	New Hanover
11	5	Winston-Salem	247,945	Forsyth
1 point

Sort range


Name range


Alphabetize range


Organize range

14.
Question 14
You are querying a school database. The column name for customer identification numbers is Student_ID. What is the correct WHERE clause to retrieve data about the student with identification number (ID) 8885317? Type only the WHERE clause, beginning with the word WHERE. Type your answer below.

1 point
Enter answer here
15.
Question 15
You are writing a SQL query to analyze data about recent trampoline sales. The Store_sales table describes the number of trampolines sold at several sporting goods stores. What is the correct FROM clause to retrieve data from this table? Type only the FROM clause, beginning with the word FROM. Type your answer below.

1 point
Enter answer here
16.
Question 16
Imagine you are sharing your data with a friend. Why might you display data with a data visualization instead of a table? Select all that apply.

1 point

It describes each data point


It’s aesthetically pleasing


It’s more complex


It’s easy to understand

